Do you still like it?
Hahaha brothers
Hold him down
That's not possible.
The bodyguards in my field are all masters of the same enemy
Lin Shaoyao, no one can save you now
Tell me how you want to die
Don't watch
Can't kill me.
I'm the young man next door
My dad and Xiao Hanshan, the big butler of the Xiao family
That's more of a good brother
You dare to touch me
You are in big trouble
Is it Xiao Chen?
No no no grandpa
It's all my fault
I am forever helpless
Forever helpless, I shouldn't have kissed my daughter back then
I'll kowtow to you
I beg you to let me go
As long as you let me go
I promise you anything
You want money, you want power.
Even report to the Xiao family
I can offer you a chance
Just take it as me apologizing to you haha.
Miss, for the sake of being too insincere today
I can spare your life.
Sure enough, the Xiao family still works
You Xiao Chen are afraid of being chased by the Xiao family after all
Remaining
Don't let you die
It's because it's too cheap to let you die
You beast
I deserve to die
Ah, but it hurts Qingxue and Yaoyao
Break your limbs
Waste your life
Let you have no choice but to die
You should also tell the little family what they want.
Xiao Chen, wait for me.
These humiliations
I will definitely repay it a hundredfold